An update to deleted radius topology (S69) (#1407)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000069/properties/P000018.md

space: S000069
property: P000018
value: true
---

Let $\mathscr U$ be an open cover of $X$. Since for each $y\in\mathbb R$ the subspace $\mathbb R\times\{y\}$ is homeomorphic to {S43} and
{S43|P18},
there exist countable subfamilies $\mathscr U_y\subset \mathscr U$ such that
$\mathbb R\times\{y\}\subset \bigcup \mathscr U_y$.
Note that any cover of $\mathbb R\times\{y\}$ consisting of base neighbourhoods in $X$ has an Euclidean-open union (all the deleted radii lie on the line and are assumed to be covered, hence the full discs have the same union).
Hence there exist Euclidean open sets $W_y$ such that
$\mathbb R\times\{y\}\subset W_y\subset \bigcup \mathscr U_y$.
Using the fact that {S176|P18} we pick
countable $A\subset\mathbb R$ such that $\mathbb R^2=\bigcup_{y\in A}W_y$.

> Then also $X=\bigcup \bigcup_{y\in A}\mathscr U_y$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the countable collection $\bigcup_{y\in A}\mathscr U_y\subset\mathscr U$ covers $X$.
```

property: P000018
value: true
refs:
- zb: "0386.54001"
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> See item #5 for space #77 in {{zb:0386.54001}}.

Author: I was waiting for a possibly stronger trait. For what I found the proof is not too long and I will add it eventually.
